Evergreen
I can return all your property to you
But that's nothing
I can do anything.
As long as you can forgive me
Anything?
Good idea.
Then you go to the guerrilla with him
Hang up I'm a bitch
My damn card soldier
This
Uh, what?
You don't want to?
No reluctance
After all, I am also the son-in-law of the Lin Mansion
If I were like this
Wouldn't it lose the face of Lin Mansion?
Now I know you are from Lin Mansion
That posture just now
I don't know, I thought you were my enemy
Ah no no no
No no no I dare not
Hurry up and make a choice
Do you want your bit of wealth or your face?
You need to know
Your face is worthless to this lady
This lady is still kind to you
Ah so spineless
Okay, that lady will not accompany you
I would.